Cleanup after moving from CoreRT repo (#1527)
dotnet/runtimelab: docs/design/coreclr/botr/ilc-architecture.md

ILC currently supports following codegen backends (with varying levels of completeness):

* **RyuJIT**: native code generator also used as the JIT compiler in CoreCLR. This backend supports x64, arm64, arm32 on Windows, Linux, macOS, and BSD.

> * **CppCodegen**: a portable code generator that translates CIL into C++ code. This supports rapid platform bringup (instead of having to build a code generator for a new CPU architecture, it relies on the C++ compiler the platform likely already has). Portability comes at certain costs.

Reviewer: I would put this in a separate paragraph because it was an interesting piece of tech that will maybe be interesting again if business priorities change:

In the past, ILC supported following backends:
* **CppCodegen**: ... This codegen backend wasn't brought over from the now archived CoreRT(link) repo.

> * **LLVM**: the LLVM backend is currently used to generate WebAssembly code in connection with Emscripten. Lives in [NativeAOT-LLVM branch](https://github.com/dotnet/runtimelab/blob/feature/NativeAOT-LLVM/docs/design/coreclr/botr/ilc-architecture.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **LLVM**: the LLVM backend is currently used to generate WebAssembly code in connection with Emscripten. Lives in [NativeAOT-LLVM branch](https://github.com/dotnet/runtimelab/tree/feature/NativeAOT-LLVM).
```

Related classes: `DependencyNodeCore<>`, `ObjectNode`

> Related project files and tests: ILCompiler.DependencyAnalysisFramework.csproj

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Related project files: ILCompiler.DependencyAnalysisFramework.csproj
```
